I've been in the Navy for 20 years, and I picked up many awards during
that time. You generally get an award or a ribbon every two or three
years, and these are the ones that I've received so far. They're labeled
in order of precedence from the top to the bottom at the very
top. I have, ah, Navy achievement mental now. And this is generally
the highest award that most people most enlisted people get. I got
this one for being a shipyard superintendent at my last command. Sassa
Bill. Um, the shipyard was going through an intense availability
at the time, and I did quality work there. On the next road down, you
can see that I have meritorious unit commendation amok. And this is
when I was on the USS John C. Stennis. The aircraft care and the whole
entire ship received this award. So as long as you're part of the
team, you get that, uh, next over, we have a good conduct awards,
and as long as you're in the military and you don't have any infractions,
then you pick those up. Besides that, we have the, um, National
Defense Service medal. You get this award for being in one of several
wars, Uh, could be the Korean War, Vietnam War, Iraqi freedom or
the Persian Gulf War. So I was in Iraqi freedom. The next road down,
you can see that I have to global war on terrorism medals when it's
for service, when it's for expeditionary. The expeditionary medal
I got for being unemployment, fighting counterterrorism. The one after
that we have the sea service deployment ribbon. And I was on a deployable
unit USS John C. Stennis. So I got that one. The one down
is things is the Navy and Marine Corps overseas service ribbon. So many
reserves don't get this. But I was fortunate toe be able to go to
Japan and then work accessible several times. And I got that one from
doing that, Um, these air to marksmanship ribbons. One is for pistol.
One is for rifle. The pistol, uh, you shoot far away targets standing
and kneeling and the rifle you also have toe lay flat. And you
get that. I was also fortunate enough to pick up my warfare pins.
Um, we have the surface which is your main qualification, and then
air and you pick these up by understanding what different types there
are, what different payouts there are with different weapons systems.
They have things like that. It's pretty intense training about half
year, but yeah, I was fortunate to get those.